.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. ...
2. ...

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**VectorCode Configuration**
Please attach your `<project_root>/.vectorcode/config.json` or 
  `~/.config/vectorcode/config.json` here.
```json

```

For issues with the Neovim plugin, please also attach your `setup` options:
```lua

```
If it only occurs when you use VectorCode with a particular plugin, please
attach the relevant config here:
```lua

```

**Platform information:**
 - If the issue is about the CLI, attach the output of `pipx runpip vectorcode freeze`:
```

```
 - If the issue is about the neovim plugin, attach the neovim version you're using:


**System Information:**

> For Mac users, please also mention whether you're using intel or apple silicon devices.

 - OS: Linux, MacOS, Windows...

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here. Please attach 
[CLI logs](https://github.com/Davidyz/VectorCode/blob/main/docs/cli.md#debugging-and-diagnosing) 
or 
[nvim plugin logs](https://github.com/Davidyz/VectorCode/blob/main/docs/neovim.md#debugging-and-logging) 
if applicable.

Commit message:

Documentation updates (#167)
* feat(cli): migrate to uv package manager.

* docs(cli): Add migration guide from `pipx` to `uv`

* Auto generate docs

* docs(cli): add `--index-strategy unsafe-best-match` to CPU-only installation guide

* docs(cli): fix typo in installation instructions and change heading layout.

* docs(nvim): update neovim version in docs

* Auto generate docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Davidyz <Davidyz@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. ...
2. ...

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**VectorCode Configuration**
Please attach your `<project_root>/.vectorcode/config.json` or 
  `~/.config/vectorcode/config.json` here.
```json

```

For issues with the Neovim plugin, please also attach your `setup` options:
```lua

```
If it only occurs when you use VectorCode with a particular plugin, please
attach the relevant config here:
```lua

```

**Platform information:**
 - If the issue is about the CLI, attach a list of packages in the Python virtual environment:
   - for `pipx`, run `pipx runpip vectorcode freeze`;
   - for `uv`, run `uv tool run --from=vectorcode python -m ensurepip && uv tool run --from=vectorcode python -m pip freeze`.
```

```
 - If the issue is about the neovim plugin, attach the neovim version you're using:


**System Information:**

> For Mac users, please also mention whether you're using intel or apple silicon devices.

 - OS: Linux, MacOS, Windows...

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here. Please attach 
[CLI logs](https://github.com/Davidyz/VectorCode/blob/main/docs/cli.md#debugging-and-diagnosing) 
or 
[nvim plugin logs](https://github.com/Davidyz/VectorCode/blob/main/docs/neovim.md#debugging-and-logging) 
if applicable.
